---
layout: page
title: Horizon webRTC Redirection SDK
hide:
  #- navigation
  - toc
---
# v2.SetOps

Sets channel context options. The most common use is to set the RPC call in post mode, which does not expect any response for this channel context.

This function is a member of `VDPRPC_ChannelContextInterface`.

## Method Signature
```
Bool (*v2.SetOps)(void *contextHandle, VDPRPC_ChannelContextOps option, const VDP_RPC_VARIANT *v);
```

## Parameters

| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| contextHandle | Handle for a valid channel context. |
| option | Specifies how the RPC call should behave. This parameter can take VDPRPC_ChannelContextOps values as described in the next section. |
| v | A uint32 that specifies whether a certain option is activated or deactivated. A value of 1 activates and a value of 0 deactivates the option. |

## VDPRPC_ChannelContextOps Values

The option parameter can take the following values.

### VDP_RPC_CHANNEL_CONTEXT_OPT_POST

You must set this option before calling `Invoke()` on the sender side.

If v is set to 0, the RPC is set to the default request mode. In request mode, a response is sent back from the peer and delivered to the application through the `OnDone` callback.

If v is set to 1, the RPC is set to post mode. In post mode, the peer doesn't return a response and no `OnDone` callback is received for this RPC.

### VDP_RPC_CHANNEL_CONTEXT_OPT_BEGIN_ASYNC_RESULT

You must set this option before returning from `OnInvoke` on the receiver side. This option has no effect on RPCs in post mode.

If v is set to 0, the RPC operates in default synchronous mode. In synchronous mode, the response from the RPC is sent back to the sender immediately after `OnInvoke` returns.

If v is set to 1, the RPC operates in asynchronous mode. In asynchronous mode, the response from the RPC is not sent until v2.`SetOps` is called with the VDP_RPC_CHANNEL_CONTEXT_OPT_END_ASYNC_RESULT option.

RPCs are processed on a single thread through the application's `OnInvoke` callback. If one RPC call takes a long time to execute, other RPC calls will be blocked until it finishes executing. Asynchronous mode is a way to process an RPC in a different thread so that other RPCs can be processed in parallel.

### VDP_RPC_CHANNEL_CONTEXT_OPT_END_ASYNC_RESULT

When you set this option, the result of an asynchronous RPC is immediately sent back to the peer. Do not set this option on synchronous RPCs.

## Return Values

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| TRUE | Success. |
| FALSE | Failure. |



