# v1.SetLayoutMode

Sets the current layout mode for the overlay. The layout mode is used to determine how an image is drawn (for example, scaled, cropped, and so on) when the size of the image doesn't match the size of the overlay.

This function is a member of `VDPOverlayGuest_Interface`.

## Method Signature
```
VDPOverlay_Error (*v1.SetLayoutMode)(VDPOverlay_WindowId windowId, VDPOverlay_LayoutMode layoutMode);
```

## Parameters

| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| windowId | The window ID of the overlay. It must have been previously registered with `VDPOverlayGuest_RegisterWindow()`. |
| layoutMode | Determines how the image is drawn. Set this parameter to one of the VDPOverlay_LayoutMode values described in the next section. |

## VDPOverlay_LayoutMode Values

### VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_CENTER

The image will be drawn centered in the overlay and clipped to the size of the overlay. No scaling will take place.

### VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_TILE

The image will be tiled to fill the overlay. The image is not scaled but will be clipped on the right/bottom edges of the overlay.

### VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_SCALE / VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_SCALE_SHRINK_ONLY

The image will be drawn to fill the entire overlay. No attempt at maintaining the aspect ratio of the image is made.

### VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_CROP / VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_CROP_SHRINK_ONLY

The image will be scaled to fill the entire overlay while maintaining the aspect ratio. Parts of the image will be clipped if necessary.

### VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_LETTERBOX / VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_LETTERBOX_SHRINK_ONLY

The image will be scaled such that either the width or height of the image will match the width/height of the overlay. The other dimension will be scaled to maintain the aspect ratio. No part of the image will be clipped but the image may not fill the entire overlay.

### VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_MULTIPLE_CENTER / VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_MULTIPLE_CORNER

Multiple mode splits the overlay into 9 equal-sized boxes (like a tic-tac-toe board). The image is then scaled to fit into the center and corner boxes. This mode can be combined with any of the basic layout modes to determine how the image is scaled to fit in the box.

If, after applying the layout mode, the image doesn't fill the entire box, 
VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_MULTIPLE_CENTER places the image in the center of each box and 
VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_MULTIPLE_CORNER justifies the image within each box to the nearest corner of the overlay. 

When combined with basic layout modes that always fill the overlay (e.g. 
VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_SCALE and VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_TILE), the multiple modes 
VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_MULTIPLE_CENTER and VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_MULTIPLE_CORNER behave the same.

### VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_TO_MULTIPLE (multipleMode, basicMode)

Where multipleMode must be either VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_MULTIPLE_CENTER or 
VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_MULTIPLE_CORNER, and basicMode must be one of the basic layout modes listed earlier in this section.

VDP_OVERLAY_LAYOUT_TO_MULTIPLE returns a layout mode from the given multiple and basic layout modes.


## Return Values

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| VDP_OVERLAY_ERROR_SUCCESS | No error. The function was successful. |
| VDP_OVERLAY_ERROR_NOT_INITIALIZED	| Overlay API was not initialized. |
| VDP_OVERLAY_ERROR_INVALID_PARAMETER | The windowId or layoutMode parameter was invalid, or there was an error with msg. |
| VDP_OVERLAY_ERROR_NOT_LOCAL_OVERLAY | The overlayId of a guest-side overlay was passed to a function that can only be called on a local overlay. |


